# simon-steam-chat
Simon Kat: Rainbow Simon Kat: can u deleate form posts? Simon Kat: u there? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: uh &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: yes &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i can Simon Kat: Simon Kat: but could u by chance just delete gelbins post since hes saying i threatend to ahck him. &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat: only because Simon Kat: hack* &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat: he said you did &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat: If I remember to &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat: later Simon Kat: Hello, today I want to tell the truth about Simon and his past. Last summer Simon and I played DarkRP together, and we were close friends. I have been asked by Simon to give my username and password to him, Threatened to be Directly Distributed Denial of Service, and has been pressured to even write a positive review for him on this application. Here is some direct proof of his pressuring me: Simon Kat: thats his post. Simon Kat: you can even see hes just doing this to spite me because hes only ever posted 1 thing and hes never even played on your servers. &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat: oh ok &lt;(AX)> Psychic Kat is now Snooze. Simon Kat: and hes asleep. Simon Kat: can u deleate this one post on my app psy was going to do but fell asleep b4 he could do it &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: why do I need to delete it? Simon Kat: It was a threat that i somehow threatend to hack him &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i dont see anything wrong with it being there lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: it's just something to laugh at Simon Kat: i just dont want that bad shit being on my app, I get worried. :/ Simon Kat: Cuz everyone knows im a hacker &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: that's cause you're terrible at hiding it &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol Simon Kat: and look: Simon Kat: Never tell your password to anyone. Monday, October 26, 2015 Simon Kat: hey nuff Simon Kat: hey do u remember makeing a account on dis website http://alphaxerctic.co.uk/ Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: yes Simon Kat: u did? Simon Kat: awesome Simon Kat: can i ask a favor from u Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: what is this favor? Simon Kat: i know im selfish as fuck i only come to u with favors i just need a favor this once pls Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: ok Simon Kat: can u goto here and say that like you think i would be good person to fill the staff positon once again im applying for admin but i need ALOT of plus ones Simon Kat: http://alphaxerctic.co.uk/forums/index.php?topic=40956.0 Simon Kat: dont use my exact words doe Simon Kat: and i dont think your aloud to put +1 at the end just say that you think i would be good for the job or something along the lines Simon Kat: tell meh once you posted somethin Simon Kat: i wanna see it Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: Simon Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: I can't right now, I'm on my laptop Simon Kat: ? Simon Kat: u can visit the website can u not? Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: I forgot the username and password, but I am still signed on my pc Simon Kat: oh den just make a new account Simon Kat: if u need a email ill give u a fake generated one Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: It's fine Simon Kat: alrighty well if u cant then just do it when ever u can Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: sure Simon Kat: k thanks Simon Kat: hey u dont play wizard101 do u Nufrepus ツ | trade.tf: No I don't Simon Kat: ah k Simon Kat is now Offline. Simon Kat: gelbin also pasted our conversation. Simon Kat: so yeah i need that shite taken down. Simon Kat: PS psys already talked to me about asking for +1's Simon Kat: hes really only doing this to spite me hes just a dick and i dont want this hurting my chances as there already slim to none as it is. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i don't really like people pressuring others for approval on an app tbh lol Simon Kat: eh just could u deleate gelbins post>? Simon Kat: http://alphaxerctic.co.uk/forums/index.php?topic=40956.0 &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: uhm &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: well psychic could have done it while he was replying 3 times &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you just click a button to remove it &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i dont want to remove it until I can confirm that he wants it to be removed Simon Kat: he was playing arma at the time &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: because last time I did something without telling him about it, things didn't end well Simon Kat: he dident want to be bothered &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: that's not really an excuse to not click 1 button &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: http://prntscr.com/8whlbv &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: like legit &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: it appears right next to the post's title Simon Kat: then just click that button den, He was going to do it infact he said if he remembers to go and do it he would i even coppyed pasted are conversation im just really like bothered by that post &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: honestly I still don't see anything wrong with it being there &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: the chat was no proof about giving out a user and pw or ddosing Simon Kat: No, But it was proof of me asking for my +1 &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: all it proves is that you've been pressuring people to +1 your app Simon Kat: witch looks bad i sopose &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol everyone already knows by now &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: because you basically did send it to almost all the staff Simon Kat: im just so senitive because i got introbble and rejected from the last community i tryed that with. Simon Kat: lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: well &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: that's why you don't do it Simon Kat: exactlu Simon Kat: whatever that community was a bunch of squeekish assholes anyways so i guess it dident exactly matter Simon Kat: and is java a staff member? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: no &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: he's "Trusted" Simon Kat: Ooh &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: he could apply if he wanted to be staff again &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: actually you know what im not sure &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: last time i remember he was trusted though Simon Kat: i think i now know how to classify my self :/ &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: a person &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: everyone is different, everyone makes mistakes Simon Kat: No,, well....yes....but specifying who u are as a person. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you're just a person like the rest of us Simon Kat: An, Agressive. Gay. Hacking teenager. i guess thats how i would call my self &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: everyone is a lot more similar than you think Simon Kat: -_- Simon Kat: your contradicting wut u just said &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol you're not an aggro Simon Kat: &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: everyone is different, everyone makes mistakes         &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: everyone is a lot more similar than you think &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: shhh Simon Kat: sorta am &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: everyone is different in a way but are similar in another &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: okay? Simon Kat: I dos people just for the fucks sake of doing it Simon Kat: soooo. yeah agressive/ &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol so you wasted like $20 on a shitty program to boot people? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: this isn't very convincing Simon Kat: convinceing of what? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you ddosing? Simon Kat: And 1) Yes i did, And 2) Its not shitty it takes people down within a matter of seconds &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you probably could have ddosed everyone on the server by now or even ddosed the server if you felt like it Simon Kat: You got that right &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: k &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: come at me &lt;3 &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: try to ddos me Simon Kat: give me your ip den Simon Kat: know what fuck it just go here Simon Kat: give me a sec &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i have a vpn, sorry can't give you my ip &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you know what, im too lazy to activate my vpn Simon Kat: wai Simon Kat: go here: Simon Kat: {LINK REMOVED} Simon Kat: and ill have you. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: steam removed the link &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol Simon Kat: fucking Simon Kat: faggots steam is &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i smell an auto-ddos site Simon Kat: http://grabify.link/QA05G9 Simon Kat: More like a auto ip grabber Simon Kat: did u goto it? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: &lt;(AX)> EpicInki: it brings u to youtube Simon Kat: lol prolly enableing ur vpn Simon Kat: WOW Simon Kat: really &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: yes Simon Kat: hes fucked now Simon Kat: i have his ip &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: k Simon Kat: 188.220.198.139 Simon Kat: Yeah Simon Kat: dont underestimate me :P &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: uhm &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: it's actually &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: not that hard &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: to go to prison Simon Kat: i may be 14 but i am one strong hacker &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: all you do is download some software &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: that rapes someone's internet for 5 minutes &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: and get their ip Simon Kat: Um Simon Kat: No Simon Kat: wait &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: and Simon Kat: backup &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: ddosing isn't really hacking &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: it's just some plebish way to lash out at someone &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: or to be a dick Simon Kat: I actaully READ the law and it said if you do manage to get someones pc info with malicious ettent, is illgeal BUT it says only dammageing personal properity and or theif is illgeal Simon Kat: if i dont dammage anything of that pc im fine &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: it's illegal to ddos lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: Moreover, controlling the botnet to target victims with Distributed Denial of Services attacks is illegal, too. Be sure to report the attack to your service provider (if they aren't already aware) and to your local authorities. To defend against attacks, there is DDoS protection: Advanced DDoS Protection - Sharktech. Simon Kat: Cool m8 Simon Kat: Your the one who said come at me soooo Simon Kat: ,3 Simon Kat: &lt;3 &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: ik &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: but you already claimed you ddosed people before &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: without their conset &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: consent* Simon Kat: i tend to fuck people up not only in the ddos way Simon Kat: Ill geal into so much trobble if i ever do get caught Simon Kat: ever heard about a RAT> &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: LOL? YOU USE THAT SHIT? Simon Kat: More like a RAT trojan &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: backdoors? Simon Kat: Mhm &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol k sure what program is it then? Simon Kat: Program what do you mean its Remote administrate tool &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: A remote administration tool (RAT) is a piece of software that allows a remote "operator" to control a system as if he has physical access to that system. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: " is a piece of software" Simon Kat: i wasent sure what u ment &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you still don't convince me Simon Kat: well if you dont go to the link Simon Kat: i cant convince u Simon Kat: http://bcdcc68b.skybroadband.com Simon Kat: wait Simon Kat: thats inkis service lol Simon Kat: http://grabify.link/QA05G9 &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: no &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: because &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you're obviously shit at this if you need me to connect to something that will send my information to you &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i mean like &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: sure you can lure people in &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: but not cautious people &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: and i really don't feel like getting ddosed rn &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i was assuming that you would be able to find your way to get my IP through steam but that's obviously too complicated Simon Kat: you cant sniff someones ip through steam. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: anything's possible Simon Kat: Its impossible Ive tried even packet moniter software Monitering steam dosent work Simon Kat: do you have skype? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: skype ip finder sites &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: that's how I got ddosed before &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: btw all your free software won't work &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: thought you knew that Simon Kat: free software? Simon Kat: what like my rat? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: packet moniter software Monitering &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: probably your rat too &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: and whatever you're using to ddos &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: also Simon Kat: Okay &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: if you were smart &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: you could have traced an ip connecting to a server Simon Kat: thats what the websites do Simon Kat: connect you to a server then redirects you and sends me the info &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: yeah nos hit Simon Kat: Mate now your just getting hostile &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: no? &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: i've made no aggressive actions Simon Kat: hruting my self asteem ;,c Simon Kat: I Thought i was a good hacker &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: im just trying to confirm wether you're a real ddoser/"hacker" like you claim yourself to be &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: which is a terrible position to be in Simon Kat: watch inki go off. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: one second &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: let me look up somethign Simon Kat: annnnhd Simon Kat: hes ded &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: &lt;(AX)> EpicInki: lol &lt;(AX)> EpicInki: tell him to stopxD &lt;(AX)> EpicInki is now Online. &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: he went off for like &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: 2 seconds &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol Simon Kat: i can do it longer &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: ill get my lawyer if you do Simon Kat: https://gyazo.com/e474ee0188ca5e3e810451aaa8e9d6ac &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: or straight up Simon Kat: 40 seconds Simon Kat: is like Simon Kat: not even a minitue Simon Kat: if i choose 300 seconds Simon Kat: than thats way longer &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: lol &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: website? Simon Kat: i aint tellin u &lt;(AX)> Rainbow Kat: obviously a website
